README.md, before:

# 18 NoSQL: Social Network API

  ## Description

This is an API for a social network web application where users can share their thoughts, react to friends’ thoughts, and create a friend list. This API is build using Express.js for routing, a MongoDB database, and the Mongoose ODM. Seed database is pulled from a random mock data via Faker-js. 

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Visuals](#visuals)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  On the command line terminal:
  1. Navigate to the repository folder 
  2. Download or clone the repository
  3. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) if it is not installed on your machine
  4. Run `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies
  5. Seed database - `npm run seed`

  ## Usage
Navigate to the repository folder and on the command line terminal: 
  1. Run `npm start`
  2. Access API routes with Insomnia

  ## Visuals
  Here is a video and link demonstrating get, post, delete for User and Thought routes. 

  <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/15b5g4Y-4jMM7oGvqH9FiCjkCHGQK_UFB/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

  ## License
  This project is covered under the MIT license, Node.JS, MongooseDB, Mongoose, Express, and Insomnia. 

  ## Contributing
  If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the project and submit a pull request.

  ## Questions
  For any additional questions, you can contact the author:

Commit message:

Added video to the README file

README.md, after:

# 18 NoSQL: Social Network API

  ## Description

This is an API for a social network web application where users can share their thoughts, react to friends’ thoughts, and create a friend list. This API is build using Express.js for routing, a MongoDB database, and the Mongoose ODM. Seed database is pulled from a random mock data via Faker-js. 

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Visuals](#visuals)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation
  On the command line terminal:
  1. Navigate to the repository folder 
  2. Download or clone the repository
  3. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) if it is not installed on your machine
  4. Run `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies
  5. Seed database - `npm run seed`

  ## Usage
Navigate to the repository folder and on the command line terminal: 
  1. Run `npm start`
  2. Access API routes with Insomnia

  ## Visuals
  Here is a video and link demonstrating get, post, delete for User and Thought routes. 
  https://drive.google.com/file/d/15b5g4Y-4jMM7oGvqH9FiCjkCHGQK_UFB/view 

  ![Watch video](./assets/nosql.gif)

  ## License
  This project is covered under the MIT license, Node.JS, MongooseDB, Mongoose, Express, and Insomnia. 

  ## Contributing
  If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the project and submit a pull request.

  ## Questions
  For any additional questions, you can contact the author: mayperalta@gmail.com.
